# NETWAYS productive RT
###################################################################################

# RT_NET_SUPPORT
bugs.netways.de                         anything

### INBOXES

# INBOX Automails
tickets@rt.netways.de                   net-tickets
external-tickets@rt.netways.de          net-tickets
hostmaster@rt.netways.de                net-hostmaster
abuse@rt.netways.de                     net-abuse
changes@rt.netways.de                   net-changes

# Admin Aufgaben
office@rt.netways.de                    net-admin

# INBOX Allgemein
nagioskonferenz@rt.netways.de           net-inbox
inbox@rt.netways.de                     net-inbox
posteingang@rt.netways.de               net-inbox
fax@rt.netways.de                       net-inbox
info@rt.netways.de                      net-inbox
monexch@rt.netways.de                   net-inbox
nagexch@rt.netways.de                   net-inbox
nagfo@rt.netways.de                     net-inbox
technik@rt.netways.de                   net-inbox
nagiosexchange@rt.netways.de            net-inbox
nagiosgrapher@rt.netways.de             net-inbox
nagiosgrapher@bugs.netways.de           net-inbox
sun@rt.netways.de                       net-inbox-sun
rechnungseingang@rt.netways.de          net-inbox-rechnung
info@netways.net                        net-inbox

# Buha Aufgaben
billing@rt.netways.de                   net-billing

# Sales Aufgaben intern
einkauf@rt.netways.de                   net-einkauf
khein.einkauf@rt.netways.de             net-einkauf-khein
mschuster.einkauf@rt.netways.de         net-einkauf-mschuster
jhein.einkauf@rt.netways.de             net-einkauf-jhein
berk.einkauf@rt.netways.de              net-einkauf-berk
mkrodel.einkauf@rt.netways.de           net-einkauf-mkrodel
sgundel.einkauf@rt.netways.de           net-einkauf-sgundel

# Sales Aufgaben extern
sales@rt.netways.de                     net-sales
shop@rt.netways.de                      net-shop
hardware@rt.netways.de                  net-hardware
demosysteme.sales@rt.netways.de         net-sales-demo
demosysteme-register.sales@rt.netways.de                net-sales-demo-register

# Grafik
grafik@rt.netways.de                    net-grafik

# Kundensupport
service@rt.netways.de                   net-service
support@rt.netways.de                   net-supp
helpdesk@rt.netways.de                  net-supp
premiumsupport@rt.netways.de            net-supp

### OTHER QUEUES

# Jobs
jobs@rt.netways.de                      net-jobs

# Marketing
marketing@rt.netways.de                 net-marketing
presse@rt.netways.de                    net-presse

# Event Services

# Allgemein
events@rt.netways.de                    net-event-allgemein

# General event
tmevents@rt.netways.de          net-event-teilnehmer

# OSMC
osmc.referent@rt.netways.de             net-nagkon-referent
osmc.presse@rt.netways.de               net-nagkon-presse
osmc.sponsor@rt.netways.de              net-nagkon-sponsor
osmc.teilnehmer@rt.netways.de           net-nagkon-teilnehmer

allgemein@rt.netways.de                 net-nagkon-allgemein

# Training
schulungsanmeldung@rt.netways.de        net-training
training.allgemein@rt.netways.de        net-nagtrain-allgemein
nagiostraining.teilnehmer@rt.netways.de net-nagtrain-teilnehmer
puppettraining.teilnehmer@rt.netways.de net-puptrain-teilnehmer

# OSDC
osdc.teilnehmer@rt.netways.de           net-osdc-teilnehmer
osdc.referent@rt.netways.de             net-osdc-referent

# OSBC
osbc.teilnehmer@rt.netways.de           net-osbc-teilnehmer
osbc.referent@rt.netways.de             net-osbc-referent

# DOST
dost.referent@rt.netways.de       	net-dost-referent
dost.teilnehmer@rt.netways.de     	net-dost-teilnehmer

# DevOpsDays
devopsdays.attendee@rt.netways.de       net-devopsdays-teilnehmer

# Rakuten
tradoria@rt.netways.de                  net-rakuten

# Telekom
telekom@rt.netways.de                   net-telekom

# Nach Ticketnummer
reply@rt.netways.de                     net-rt
rt@rt.netways.de                        net-rt

comment@rt.netways.de                   net-xrt
xrt@rt.netways.de                       net-xrt

# Blanco
blanco@rt.netways.de      		net-blanco

# Buchhaltung
nws-invoice@rt.netways.de               net-buha-aufgaben
