rt@rt.icinga.org        icinga-rt
xrt@rt.icinga.org       icinga-xrt
info@icinga.org         icinga-rt
info@rt.icinga.org      icinga-rt

events@icinga.org       icinga-events
shop@icinga.org         icinga-shop
partner@icinga.org      icinga-partner
support@icinga.org      icinga-support
sales@icinga.org        icinga-sales
automail@icinga.org	    icinga-automail
infrastructure@icinga.org   icinga-infrastructure

events@rt.icinga.org    icinga-events
shop@rt.icinga.org      icinga-shop
partner@rt.icinga.org   icinga-partner
support@rt.icinga.org   icinga-support
sales@rt.icinga.org     icinga-sales
automail@rt.icinga.org	icinga-automail
infrastructure@rt.icinga.org    icinga-infrastructure


rt@rt.icinga.com        icinga-rt
xrt@rt.icinga.com       icinga-xrt
info@icinga.com         icinga-rt
info@rt.icinga.com      icinga-rt

events@icinga.com       icinga-events
shop@icinga.com         icinga-shop
partner@icinga.com      icinga-partner
privacy@icinga.com      icinga-privacy
support@icinga.com      icinga-support
sales@icinga.com        icinga-sales
automail@icinga.com	    icinga-automail
infrastructure@icinga.com   icinga-infrastructure

events@rt.icinga.com    icinga-events
shop@rt.icinga.com      icinga-shop
partner@rt.icinga.com   icinga-partner
privacy@rt.icinga.com   icinga-privacy
support@rt.icinga.com   icinga-support
sales@rt.icinga.com     icinga-sales
automail@rt.icinga.com	icinga-automail
infrastructure@rt.icinga.com    icinga-infrastructure
